     While in Replay mode, the following keys can be used to manipulate editing marks:

        0 - Toggles an editing mark. If the mark indicator shows a red triangle, the current mark is deleted. Otherwise a new mark is set at the current position.
        4,6 - Move an editing mark back and forward. You need to first jump to an editing mark for this to work.
        7, 9 - Jump back and forward between editing marks. Replay goes into still mode after jumping to a mark.
        8 - Positions replay at a point 3 seconds before the current or next "start" mark and starts replay.
        2 - Start the actual cutting process.

     Editing marks are represented by black, vertical lines in the progress display. A small black triangle at the top of the mark means that this is a "start" mark, and a triangle at the bottom means that this is an "end" mark. The cutting process will save al l video data between "start" and "end" marks into a new file (the original recording remains untouched). The new file will have the same name as the original recording, preceeded with a '%' character (imagine the '%' somehow looking like a pair of scissors ;-). Red bar s in the progress display indicate which video sequences will be saved by the cutting process.

     The video sequences to be saved by the cutting process are determined by an "even/odd" algorithm. This means that every odd numbered editing mark (i.e. 1, 3, 5,...) represents a "start" mark, while every even numbered mark (2, 4, 6,...) is an "end" mark. I nserting or toggling a mark on or off automatically adjusts the sequence to the right side of that mark.

     Use the keys described under "Replay Control" to position to, e.g., the beginning and end of commercial breaks and press the '0' key to set the necessary editing marks. After that you may want to use the '7' and '9' keys to jump to each mark and maybe use the '4' and '6' keys to fine tune them. Once all marks are in place, press '2' to start the actual cutting process, which will run as a background process. When replaying the edited version of the recording you can use the '8' key to jump to a point just before th e next cut and have a look at the resulting sequence.

     Currently editing marks can only be set at I-frames, which typically is every 12th frame. So editing can be done with a resolution of roughly half a second. A "start" mark marks the first frame of a resulting video sequence, and an "end" mark marks the las t frame of that sequence.

     An edited recording (indicated by the '%' character) will never be deleted automatically in case the disk runs full (no matter what "lifetime" it has).
