     The "VDR" menu can be called up with the "Menu" key of your remote control unit. The "Up" and "Down" keys are used to select a specific item. The "Left" and "Right" keys can be used to change options, and the numeric keys allow direct input of numeric data .

     The "Ok" key confirms any changes (or switches to a channel in the "Channels" menu). The "Back" key goes back one level in the menu structure, discarding any changes that might have been made in the current menu.

     In the "Timers" menu, the current timer can be enabled or disabled with the "Blue" key (this is only possible if the "Timers" list is sorted, otherwise the "Blue" key is used to mark a timer in order to move it to another position in the list). Enabled tim ers are marked with '>', timers that are currently recording are marked with '#'. If a timer has the "First day" set so that it will start recording only on the given date, it is marked with '!'. The "Blue" key toggles through the "enabled" and "disabled" states, and for repeating timers that are currently recording also a state that ends this recording prematurely and sets the "First day" date so that it will record again the next time the timer hits. "Ok" here opens the "Edit timer" menu.

     Textual options, like channel names or recording file names, can be edited by pressing the "Right" button (which puts brackets around the current character as in "[R]TL"), selecting the desired character position with "Left" and "Right", and changing the character with the "Up" and "Down" keys. "Ok" then confirms the changes. The "Red" key toggles between upper- and lowercase characters, while the "Green" key switches between insert and overwrite mode. The "Yellow" key deletes the current character (or the one to the right of the cursor in insert mode).

     The "Red", "Green", "Yellow" and "Blue" buttons have special meanings in various menus and are listed at the bottom of the on-screen-display.

     At any point in the menu system, pressing the "Menu" key again will immediately leave the menu system (discarding any pending changes).
