VDR-Aide "0.0.3"

This is a modification and expansion of the original vdr-aide plugin written by Sad. 
My intention was to make an OSD help browser for VDR immediately available for
real use. I am not an experienced developer and cannot maintain this plugin
separately as a fork. The removed code can easily be readded and some clean-up
would be desirable. So I return all changes as a contribution to the original 
maintainer.

The most important step for me was to make the code support multiple languages
and provide some basic help data to show (available in separate packages). 
In order to support multilingual help I had to change the file format.  


New format of help files:

The plugin directory ($VDRConf/plugins/help) has subdirectories for each
language supported by VDR. They are named with 3-letter language codes
(see aidei18n.c). Each language subdirectory can store arbitrary number 
of index files (.aide extension), text (.txt) and MPEG picture (.mpg) 
data files.


Index files:

An index file consists of "name=value" lines and group delimiters. Any
line without a "=" sign in the middle or ":" in the first position will be 
ignored. The index files can store help item names that cannot be safely used 
as filenames due to mutual incompatibilities of the 8-bit codepages used by VDR.

A sample of index file contents:
------------------------------------
VDR  Help file v 1.0                    # Comments

:Keys		                   	# This is a group delimeter
Recoding mode keys=btn_record		# Everything beyond the equal sign
Help item2=path2			# is a path to the help text. Note
					# that there is no extension. 
------------------------------------

If there is an identically named file, but with .mpg extemsion, the "StillImage"
button appears on screen letting the user to view the picture. 


Text files:

Leading spaces in the text lines set the left margin, so you can use it for some
primitive formatting. All text is wrapped at Setup.OSDWidth/10 point. Decresing
the OSD width parameter helps if your favourite skin makes OSD window too narrow. 

If a text file has a header like this then the module info will be shown together 
with the text.

-----------------------------------
:HEADER
NAME=PLUGNAME
VERSION=PlugVersion
AUTOR=NomDeLAuteur
:BODY

TITLE

    Indented line 
    
    loooooooooooooooooooooooooooong liiiiiiiiiiiiiiine ... will be wrapped
-----------------------------------

Last but not least there are Russian, English and German user manuals for 
vdr-aide. Hope that other languages will catch up.


Vyacheslav Dikonov <sdiconov@mail.ru>
November 2004
