This is a "plugin" for the Video Disk Recorder (VDR).

Written by:                  Alex Lasnier <alexlasnier@yahoo.com>

Project's homepage:          http://fepg2.f2g.net

Latest version available at: http://fepg2.f2g.net

See the file COPYING for license information.



Description
-----------
fEPG is a plugin for VDR that provides a graphical way of viewing and navigating 
through EPG data. 


Controls
--------
These can be changed in the setup menu

Up ...... Move up by one channel

Down .... Move down by one channel

Left .... Move to the left by -30 minutes
          If there is numerical input: Jump back by inputed number of hours

Right ... Move to the right by 30 minutes
          If there is numerical input: Jump forward by inputed number of hours

Green ... Open/Close the info window; displays info about the 
          currently selected event

Red ..... Scroll up by one page

Yellow .. Scroll down by one page

Blue .... Set a timer for the currently selected event

Back .... Exit without changing the channel
          If info window is open: Closes info window

Ok ...... If a current event is selected: Changes to selected channel and exit
          If a non-current event is selected: Opens the info window
          If the info window is open: Closes info window

0 to 9 .. Used for numerical input. Jumps to given channel number (if valid).
          If Left (Right) is pressed while there is numerical input
   
          
Controls for the screen setup screen
------------------------------------

Up/Down/Left/Right   Move upper left corner
2 / 8  / 4  / 6      Move lower right corner


Notes
-----
- PAL mode will not work on full featured cards due to lack of OSD memory.

- If you are using a software output device, you might have to use PAL mode
  even on an NTSC television.
  
- In the setup menu, Color 1 refers to the background color of the cells and 
  Color 2 refers to the background color of the channel names and the times.

- You might find it usefull to add the following line (or something similar) 
  to keymacros.conf
  ...
  User1   @fepg
  ...
  This way you can access fEPG with the press of a button  



