This is a "plugin" for the Video Disk Recorder (VDR).

Written by:                  Achim Tuffentsammer <a.tuffentsammer@web.de>

Project's homepage:          http://pim.vdr-developer.org/

Latest version available at: http://pim.vdr-developer.org/

See the file COPYING for license information.


Note: Changes from version 0.0.6 to 0.0.7 provided by Torsten Weigelt.

 
Description:
------------

This is a plugin for VDR to display a month-based calendar.
You can browse the months by pressing +/- buttons.
Use the up/down/left/right buttons to move the cursor around.
If you hit the first/last day of a month and continue to
move the cursor, the calendar will jump to the previous/next
month.

A day will be displayed in green color if there's any event for
this day. Press OK to see a list of all events for this day.

Press BLUE to see a list of all events.

In either of these lists you can edit / insert / delete events
like in VDR's timer menu. The lists are sorted by type
(weekly -> fixed -> yearly) and then by date in these groups.

Events will be stored in a textfile which is located in your
vdr-etc-directory and is called plugins/pimEvents.conf.
If no file exists it will be created if necessary.

Of course you can edit the text file manually. Make sure to use
the right format (see below) for the entrys or the plugin / VDR
may crash.

Format of the config file:

F:dd.mm.yyyy:description:X	for an event on a fixed day
W:3:description:X		for a repeating event on day 3 (Mo = 1 ...)
Y:dd.mm.:description:X		for a yearly event (like birthdays).

'X' can be a value from -1 to 30 describing the number of days before the
date of the event. vdr will inform you about events these days before depending
on the configuration. With -1 no reminding will be done. Press OK while
the reminder is displayed to suppress displaying the event until next
time happen (saved in pimEvents.marks). Marking works only if check was
not started automatic or by SVDRP CHECK.

Since version 0.0.7 the format of the file pimEvents.conf has changed.
The value 'X' = reminder days was added. If you update from an older version,
the file will be read in normaly but with no reminders for the events.
If you plan to revert to a plugin version less then 0.0.7 then it will work
also, but reminder days will be ignored (and removed after event changes).

There exist some SVDRP commands:

CHECK  = display all actual events. Same as the automatic check but without
         looking for the global reminder setup options.
DISP   = same as CHECK but without using entries in file pimEvents.marks.
REMOVE = remove all old calendar entries before today.

Plugin setup options:

- "OSD Offset hor." / "OSD Offset vert."
  Position of the calendar view on screen.
- "Week starts with"
  Defines if the week should start with Monday or Sunday.
- "Show calendar weeks"
  Show calender week numbers.
- "Preview months"
  Show first/last days from previous/next month in calender view (lightgrey).
- "Use invers event color"
  For days with events or today the background is colored instead of
  the day number.
- "Reminder mode"
  Show reminders. Can be:
  'off'             - never show automatic reminders
  'on'              - always show reminders at vdr start
                      (with 10 seconds delay).
                      No remind if vdr was started by a recording timer.
  'at time'         - same as 'on' but only after time has reached.
                      If vdr was started before this time, he wait until
                      the time is reached before displaying events.
  'at time (daily)' - same as 'at time' but will continue on next days.
                      Works also if vdr was started by a recording timer.
                      (May be useful with activity check for 7x24h
                       vdr systems).
- "Reminder time"
  Time to remind. Only valid if "Reminder mode" = 'at time'/'at time (daily)'.
- "Remind delay (seconds)"
  Wait these number of seconds before reminders are shown.
- "Check user activity"
  If the remind should be done depending on the "Reminder mode"
  configuration, the vdr can wait for some user activity (Keys: Ch/Vol/Play)
  before reminding. Can be:
  'off'     - never wait for user activity (display immediately)
  'on'      - always wait for user activity
  'at time' - wait for user activity only for
              "Reminder mode" = 'at time'/'at time (daily)'

After changing "Reminder mode" or "Reminder time" the automatic search
thread will be restarted if the new "Reminder mode" is a time based one.
Next check is done if the next (future) check time is reached.

And now have fun!

